Update README (#1720)
AlexxIT/go2rtc: README.md

You can get any stream or file or device via FFmpeg and push it to go2rtc. The app will automatically start FFmpeg with the proper arguments when someone starts watching the stream.

> - FFmpeg preistalled for **Docker** and **Home Assistant Add-on** users

Author: ```suggestion
- FFmpeg preinstalled for **Docker** and **Home Assistant Add-on** users
```

  "camera.hall": ffmpeg:{input}#video=copy#audio=opus
```

> **PS.** Default Home Assistant cards don't support two-way audio. You can use two-way audio from the [add-on Web UI](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=a889bffc_go2rtc&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FAlexxIT%2Fsource-hassio-addons), but you need to use HTTPS to access the microphone. This is a browser restriction and cannot be avoided.

Author: ```suggestion
**PS.** Default Home Assistant cards don't support two-way audio. You can use two-way audio from the [add-on Web UI](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/supervisor_addon/?addon=a889bffc_go2rtc&repository_url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FAlexxIT%2Fhassio-addons), but you need to use HTTPS to access the microphone. This is a browser restriction and cannot be avoided.
```
